scandalous groove of the conference of hearts
Ukrainian Tennis Federation is over
choice and for president for raw materials
guy voted facts on 1 st no21
gave from alla after that and rendered
left 27 dalgat even by peter and
piper pretender in harika rogowski
and Sergius Laura you buhun provide
the conference was our 5 hour mortgage
registering before the logo I am dark anna
issued and mandates moving won and new
beer law channels find out
I watch the protocol new protocol
it is not clear what kind of people we call our
votes 3 votes
given all this legal nihilism to
which happens here now if the day
will definitely give words
I'll give it all the atmosphere hot
controversy, I sat down and captions little strength
civilized way about me rose
With her all the way to the conference more precisely sewing
and it was still full
warehouse up logo action leg gave
the plot of the film bitch de you
low not until filatova oleg that there figure
power shafts from the suit to theatrical
troupe then this release emotions were
puncturing procedure for presidential election
federations at the time of the cob of their assembly
there were three 2 sergey lahore and black flies and gari
Korogodsky but please for our sake
here we remove the women go take
beautiful male right decision and we
all from here we will leave happy and raised
at home, or that did not do it and
the goal should be with you all and not
there is something small that you are great
its or another 100 because the fact that
Now it is happening that there are personal
some ambitions are all adults
we are fighting for the fact that we will be you
two candidates guys i hear strongly
respects you held personality
businessman everyone knows his respect we all
you are probably grateful to the end of their
days for what you have already done for
tennis
but there are still many of us well, why
why one should why why
man in general is not all go together
pizdyuley have our connection already 10 at all
governments right from killed can
pour out illegal and we judge games
we cheat it all this all one thing
holy dispute this dispute think you thought
bartini policy days is nothing this dispute
It is found that we turn on the TV and
now for safin and sugar and long
spinner dies for our girls in the team
taken timeout would have thought from y axis
candidates failed
the same care and again lana by the nature of the collection not
it was suggested lilac cola and was walking guru
become first vice president to watch
fund all one hundred questions puts
your accountant
look after your money where he gives
because he will let me be
give if
suggested Garik and very many thanks
he will give
but he will look and until the year I
I pledge to pass on to him
presidency at Dumka Sergey alawar
add to your friend nebula with us
for some reason in Ukraine this practice
when these arrangements begin then
everyone thinks they are when they start
everybody's time to pass in their own way
I interpret in order to once again
I repeat to fix not legal
documents and close secure just on
paper in several points
wrote the essence of the agreement and asked
candida
and then the presidents after which we must
were all together today choose
sign these few main points
I will give you the points to everyone because
we don’t know part of us
is I took over
commitment to finance activities
Federation in the amount of half a million dollars
here is natural and own funds
if I give you that kind of money I want
I want my money and control
control the activities of the federation
so my conditions were changing
executive director it was
the main condition of our agreement
I repeat once again for me personally it does not matter
I will be president or
vice president or someone else for me
it is important that the federation work and
those didn't live another brownie item
know the wizard
Russia ’s budget budget on the outcome for better
you are a cat
smaller on the side in tennis with people i
I want to do this to those people
who also want to help
like arik let's say first he must
see that we spend our money
correct if even this piece of paper is not
signed then what are we talking about
we make all decisions today
choose a new chairman and
executive director appointed
specifically only by order of the president
2 weeks after the registration of the Justice Ministry
he can appoint can not appoint about
on the third day can take it off and even
if he puts what guarantees we have
what will it be done if not even
pieces of paper moral so I went out and
said that i think that the arrangements
ruined sergey sergeev can without
middle name yes you have only two
the first discrepancies are signed papers
and that is, I am aware of all the arrangements
if so that tennis is not left without money
from
discrepancy is a signed paper and I
I don’t believe in my life without papers at all
no one and the second is a post compared to
with them agreements that I
spoke seryozha yesterday and in connection with that
what you voiced today arose just
one word was added this if yes and if
at the discretion of someone and who will
see that but you understand the executive committee
always belongs to someone or one
Sergey or another Sergey 2 and a half
water on the shelves debate ended ab
equal call on Korogodsky with tezisno
thousands so instant repairing in an auto breed
factories or tennis and the same
and so far, but in the hall gave way logic
there were gears of it for this all now
it will happen already simulated
combinations with long-known results
take part in this combination i don't
I will be just like Garik
I will naturally finance nothing
for among them laurels before reaching stretched
From 27 to Rishta logo removed
the president can go to his first
team laura whist him there and right
ship order at Dumka Alexander
a lot of good wine coming from tennis
people who are trying to satisfy their
own ambitions
lose their last sponsors last
people probably this last I do not know
who are ready
sponsor all this and like this
here's a haul sell on for meaningful son
Alexander Dolgopolov also racket
Ukraine Alexander Dolgopolov Well done
will play for Ukraine
Davis Cup match with Slovaks Ruslan
Svirin galaxy kovalevski this channel
kai